QUES: What is Emmet?
ANS:It is a set of plug-in for the text or can say a code editor. essential toolkit for web developers.

QUES: Difference between framework and liabrary?
ANS:Framework used for building and deploying an application quickly. Framework is the environment on which liabrary depends.
    liabrary is used to enhance the functionality of an application.

QUES: What is CDN? Why do we use it? 
ANS:Content Delivery Network is a geographically distributed group of server that caches content close to end users.

QUES: Why is React known as React?
ANS: Because it reacts. It was developed by Fecebook (a site that constantly updates their data) to improve the user interface development .
     And  more effectively change what is the user sees when they are doing things like mouse clicking, submitting and typing.

QUES: What is the crossorigin in script tag?
ANS:It is attributes sets the request to an HTTP CORS request. Webpage often makes requests to load resources on other servers.
    It is an HTTP header based mechanism that allows a server to indicate any origin (domain,scheme or port) other than it own from which a
    browser should permit loading resources.

QUES: Difference between React and ReactDOM.
ANS:> The react package holds the react source for components , state , props and all the code that is react.
    > The react package as the name implies is the glue between React and the DOM. Often, you will only use it one single thing:mounting our 
      application to the index html file with ReactDom.render().
    > They separate because of the arrival od react Native (platform for mobile development) 
    > ReactDOM is used only in web apps.

QUES: Difference between normal Html parsing vs Async vs differ.
ANS: NORMAL PARSING OF HTML: First the html parses and then the script fetch from the resource then execute the scriptand then again start the 
                             parsing.     
     WITH ASYNC ATTRIBUTE  : First the html parces and in parallel the script is also fetches and after the whole fetching process html waits for the 
                             till the execution of the script and after the execution it again start the html parsing .
     WITH DIFFER ATTRIBUTE : First the html parces and then in parallelthe script fetches and after the complition af all the html code the script 
                             is benn executed so the best way to use id s the differ attributes and we do not have to wait for the fetching and    
                             the execution process pf the script.

QUES: Difference between React development JS and the React production JS.
ANS:  > The production version is been optimized in a few way- smaller in file size by minimizing variables names and removing the white spaces etc.  
      > Whereas the development version will  remain readable ,might include source and maps etc.making it better for the debugging and development process.
      > In functionality they both are the same.                                                     